
1. Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest
to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?

  I beleive square rooting got me closest.
  Using log weekday failed normal test as well as equal variance test
  Using squareroot slightly failed one normal test but passed equal variance tests
  Using squared failed both normal test by large margin and equal variance test

2. I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week
test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actually testing.
Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed
data T-test. That is, describe what the conclusion would be
if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.

In the original t-test and transformed data T-test the null hypothesis would be that
the number of comments on the weekend and weekday is the same. The alternative hypothesis
would be that they are not the same. If we could reject the null hypothesis than
we could conclude that the alternative hypothesis is more likely.


3. Of the four approaches, which do you think actually
does a better job of getting an answer for the original
question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments
posted on weekdays than on weekends?” Briefly explain why.
(It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer
to this question.)

Original data:
  Regarding the normal tests, both p values are a lot smaller than 0.05,
  therefore its almost certainthat the distributions are not normal
  and t test would be invalid.
    Original data normality p-values: 1.01e-07 0.00152
  Furthermore, variances are likely not equal reinforcing the notion to apply t test
    Original data equal-variance p-value: 0.0438
Transformed data:

Using normality test one dataset close to normal while other is normal
Transformed data normality p-values: 0.0369 0.108
Transforming with square root also seems to significantly help equalize the
variances
Transformed data equal-variance p-value: 0.556
Transforming has made the t-test more reliable



Central Limit Theroem:
By the normailiy test, both are normal since p > 0.05
Weekly data normality p-values: 0.308 0.153
Since p > 0.05 conclude that they have equal variance
Weekly data equal-variance p-value: 0.204
Central Limit Theroem has passed both normality and equal variances
tests. Allowing t test to be more reliable than transforming.

U-test:
U-test ussually last resort. Used when we can not reach normal distributions.
In this case we were able to reach close to normal with transformations and
central limit theorem.

Conclusion: because we have enough data points. Around more than 50 and it passed
normaility tests as well as equal variance test, settling with central limit test
is reasononable.


4. When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on
average weekdays or weekends?

Weekday's have more comments posted than Weekends, based on histograms and
finding mean for comments on weekend vs weekday
